RDoc-2122-corrected wording about passing certs for RavenETL (#1455)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/4.1/Raven.Documentation.Pages/client-api/operations/maintenance/connection-strings/add-connection-string.dotnet.markdown

{PANEL: Add a Raven Connection String}

{NOTE: Secure servers}
 To [connect secure RavenDB servers](../../../../server/security/authentication/certificate-management#enabling-communication-between-servers-importing-and-exporting-certificates) 

>  you need to export the certificate from the source server and install it into the destination server.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need to export the server certificate from the source server and install it as a client certificate on the destination server.
```
